Included in this free release, is one mixed version of one snare and one kick from the ICONS Nir Z and Jeff Juliano drum samples.  Buy the full Standard Library to download Tight, Big, Natural, Overheads, and two room mic options for each sample. The drum sample library contains 9 Kicks, 13 Snares, 2 sets of Toms, Hats and Cymbals.

Buy the DELUXE LIBRARY to download all of the samples and mix options plus preset kits, including round robin and mulit velocity.


—————


History was made in the year 2000 when drummer Nir Z, and Engineer Jeff Juliano, sat down in a NYC studio to record John Mayer’s Room For Squares album. The record went on to become one of the highest selling albums of it’s time, but what stood out to us were the honest drum tones, the snap of the snares, and the punchy bottom end. 

We have spared no expense to reunite Nir Z and Jeff Juliano in the creation of this library. This library features world-class multi-velocity samples and is our most comprehensive to date. Fast track your recordings with the combined decades of experience from the legendary mix engineer, Jeff Juliano (O.A.R, Steven Lee Olsen, PVRIS, and Jason Mraz) and the highly sought after drummer, Nir Z (Genesis, Chris Cornel, John Mayer, and Blake Shelton).

These are absolutely the finest drum tones. Nir Z’s coveted drum collection recorded and mixed with incredible detail by Jeff Juliano featuring a fantastic combination of vintage and modern gear at The Tracking Room in Nashville, TN.  The drum sample library contains 9 Kicks, 13 Snares, 2 sets of Toms, Hats and Cymbals.  Each sample contains multiple mixed options including 2 room options, one of the rooms being the amazing, dense rock room chamber at The Tracking Room.

It’s hard to believe that Nir Z and Jeff Juliano’s drum sounds are now available through our first release of a series titled: ICONS.

If you‘re serious about making realistic beats, writing a song or mixing a track, this top shelf library is a must have.

The Deluxe Version contains all of the samples plus the Presets.

Immediate download of 44.1 x 24 Bit Wav Files.

- See more at: http://www.iwantthatsound.com/product/icons-nirz-jeffjuliano/#sthash.8dRKrg5l.dpuf

